boards: beagle: beaglev_fire: Specify the different targets supported for beaglev_fire and fix build instructions (#79511)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/beagle/beaglev_fire/doc/index.rst

Building
========

> BeagleV-Fire supports 3 board targets in Zephyr:
> 1. beaglev_fire/polarfire/e51
> 2. beaglev_fire/polarfire/u54
> 3. beaglev_fire/polarfire/u54/smp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BeagleV-Fire supports 3 board targets in Zephyr:

1. ``beaglev_fire/polarfire/e51``
2. ``beaglev_fire/polarfire/u54``
3. ``beaglev_fire/polarfire/u54/smp``
```

Reviewer: this hasn't been applied properly, blank line still missing
<img width="749" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51806fb2-5413-48f2-8946-b693fe626104">

More information regarding the differences between the cores can be found in the [datasheet](https://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/aemDocuments/documents/FPGA/ProductDocuments/ProductBrief/PolarFire-SoC-Product-Overview-60001656.pdf)

> Here is an example of building ``samples/hello_world`` for E51 core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of building :zephyr:code-sample:`hello_world` for E51 core.
```

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: beaglev_fire/polarfire/{e51,u54,u54/smp}

>    :goals: build

Reviewer: I would recommend to keep the example command one that can be copy-pasted and "just works". So just show one example, e.g. for E51, and change to "Applications can be built as usual, for example when targeting the E51 core:"

Building
========

BeagleV-Fire supports 3 board targets in Zephyr:

1. ``beaglev_fire/polarfire/e51``
2. ``beaglev_fire/polarfire/u54``
3. ``beaglev_fire/polarfire/u54/smp``

> More information regarding the differences between the cores can be found in the [datasheet](https://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/aemDocuments/documents/FPGA/ProductDocuments/ProductBrief/PolarFire-SoC-Product-Overview-60001656.pdf)

Reviewer: apologies that I missed it but this is not how you create hyperlinks in ReST.
https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/contribute/documentation/guidelines.html#cross-referencing-external-content
